Have a drink
Hmm, does the handsome guy have a pen?
Turn right when you go out, there is a convenience store
You can go there to play.
Play hard to get with me
Do you have paper?
I can't believe you're not moving
I'll see who you're calling then.
Wife, he's calling me, what's the matter?
You say you are busy every day.
Busy with this?
You are his wife
What a pity!
This handsome guy not only got married a year early, but also has a child
GuoGuo
Mom?
Who is Auntie?
You actually call me auntie
Honey, let's have another child
Wife, do you want a boy?
Or do you like girls?
Honey, I really miss you so much.
Teacher and student Guoguo are still there
Guoguo is not there
Guoguo can't hear